Image-To-Text Task Page (#371)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/image-to-text/about.md

> ## Use Cases

Reviewer: Can you please copy and paste the placeholder template of `about.md` and modify the changes you'd like to contribute?

> ### Improving Accessibility for Blind People

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Improving Accessibility for Visually Impaired People
```

> Creating a text description for the image allows blind people or those who have eyesight problems to understand the context of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image-to-text models can be used to create text descriptions for the images, allowing visually impaired people to understand the context of the image.
```
grammar nit 🙂
